FF140 CloseWatcher in desktop preview - relnote/expr (#39862)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/140/index.md

  The API is now feature complete.
  ([Firefox bug 1964407](https://bugzil.la/1964407)).

- **`CloseWatcher`** (Nightly - desktop only): `dom.closewatcher.enabled`.

>   The {{domxref("CloseWatcher")}} interface enables you to implement components that can be closed using device-native mechanisms, in the same way as built-in components. On Windows this allows, for example, custom sidebars that will close when you select the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key. ([Firefox bug 1966459](https://bugzil.la/1966459)).

Author: Thanks!

>   The {{domxref("CloseWatcher")}} interface enables developers to implement components that can be closed using device-native mechanisms, in the same way as built-in components. For example, on Android you can close a dialog using the back button: this interface allows you to similarly close a custom sidebar.([Firefox bug 1966459](https://bugzil.la/1966459)).

Reviewer: - I'm distinguishing the different "you"s as: addressing developers directly as "you" and referring to users explicitly as "users".
- I don't think we should use Android in the example since this isn't supported there yet.
- I hope I'm not misreading the nuance - should it be "allows you to enable similar behavior for closing" instead of "allows you to similarly close".
```suggestion
  The {{domxref("CloseWatcher")}} interface enables you to implement components that can be closed using device-native mechanisms, in the same way as built-in components. For example, on Android, users can close a dialog using the back button. This interface lets you enable similar behavior for closing a custom sidebar. ([Firefox bug 1966459](https://bugzil.la/1966459)).
```

Author: Thanks! Yes, you've got it - this lets developers make custom components that will respond to device-native close events, such as back buttons. I'll take your words and convert to a Windows example

```suggestion
  The {{domxref("CloseWatcher")}} interface enables you to implement components that can be closed using device-native mechanisms, in the same way as built-in components. On Windows this allows, , for example, custom sidebars that will close when you select the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key. ([Firefox bug 1966459](https://bugzil.la/1966459)).
```
